Before we get started, let me show you what you will build in this course.
Here is the implementation and deployment viewpoint of the architecture of everything that you are going
to build in this course.
You're going to build for micro separated into two domains, a user domain and a bank account domain.
The micro services of each of these domains will be segregated into command and query APIs as prescribed
by Securus.
You will create a user command API and a user query API and a bank account command and a bank account
query API.
You'll also create your own OS 2.0 authorization service and an API gateway with Spring Cloud Gateway
that'll provide a unified entry point to your backend micro services.
Now this might look a bit complex or confusing, but let me take you through it.
If you do not understand what I'm talking about at this stage, do not worry.
Although this is primarily a hands on coding course, we will start with just enough theory in this
section to ensure that you gain a good understanding of all the important concepts.
Let's assume that this yellow dot represents a request that is made from a client application.
Let's say that a client wants to register a new user.
The client application will make an HTTP request via the API gateway.
The API gateway will receive the request and routed to the User Command API.
The user Camonte API will interpret this request as a command.
It will handle the command and once handled, it will raise an event such as user registered event.
Then it will store to the event store, which is also known as the right database, and then it will
publish the event to the event.
Pass the user query API will then subscribe to the user register event.
We need to take that.
A new event of the specified type has been published to the event pass.
It will handle the event and create a new record in the user database.
Notice that both the event store and the user read databases are Mongo DB databases, but importantly,
they are completely separate from each other and can be hosted on separate or on premise server or cloud
infrastructure.
Notice in the bank account domain we also have a Mongo DB event store, but for our database we have
a MySQL database and that is to prove that these databases are totally decoupled from each other.
An important thing to note is that there is a big difference in the way that data is stored in the event
store.
This is the Rete database.
Events are stored as a sequence of immutable events.
A new record or document is created for each event and these event records or documents are never modified.
See it as an audit log.
The database, on the other hand, contains the actual user record.
In this use case, a user registry event is used to create the initial user record, a user updated
event to modify the user record any user deleted event to delete a user record.
But even if a user record is deleted from the database, the event that caused its deletion will always
remain in the event store.
This makes securest an event sourcing atomic and gives you the option to replay your event store.
Now you might say, whoa, that's crazy.
How can this work?
So are you telling me that the User Command API is going to be responsible for supplying information
to the user query API with the actual production records live?
Yes, that is exactly what I'm saying.
MICRA services are application driven and not database driven.
And that is why we named our events in the past particle that since the events sourcing makes these
transactions atomic, we can trust it.
But you might say, hang on for a second.
What if the user query API fails?
How will that user database be populated and updated?
And the simple answer is, without the user query API, you will not be able to retrieve data from the
user database.
It has data sovereignty over the user database.
It is the only service allowed to access the user records.
Therefore, if it goes down, the events will still be safe in the event pass.
That's when the user query API starts up again.
It will consume the events that are waiting in the queue and update the user records accordingly in
very rare circumstances.
If something goes wrong with the event, but the events will be safe in the event store and it can be
replayed and republished to the event pass because events are first stored in the event store and only
if persisted successfully will it be published to the event.
US failing to assist the event to the events that would be reported back to the client application when
a request was made to the User Command API.
OK, so if the client application wants to retrieve the user data, it will again make a request via
the API gateway.
The HTTP request will be routed to the user query API, which will handle the query and retrieve the
user record via a repository and respond back to the client application.
The same scenario is valid for the bank account domain.
Therefore, I will not go into detail regarding the bank account domain at this moment.
The same principle as explained in the user domain are relevant for the bank account domain.
So I hope that this gets you excited to start building your springboard micro services that can apply
to securities and eventually I hope that you enjoy this course.